when you're moving to a new location, it's good to think about all of
the things that you currently have and then just like mark them off
one by one. And there could be cracks associated with any of them. If
you think about your household goods, then how am I gonna get all
the boxes, uh, to the place to my new location. Where are they gonna
be sent? That's something that a lot of people don't I don't think
about like if there's some kind of distance, if you have some kind of
like you might need to get it from that place to your new location,
you might need a truck. You might need a U haul, or they might send
it yourself. Um, those could be overlooked if if you used to do in
a certain way, you can think about your kids. Um, their new school.
Do you need to talk to the teachers? Do there doesn't need to be some
kind of signature that you need to sign. Um, you can also think about
your car. Your car might have a different insurance requirement
once you go to a new place, especially if you're like? Like, for instance,
going to Japan if you have your license. Um, just as long as
you have the list of items and you check each one by one, um, thinking
about the place that you're going to, then you shouldn't have any
problems.